Pieces of eight of the Pirate Lords

"A piece of eight. Nine of them, you say?"
"Our new friend in Singapore was very specific, sir. Nine pieces of eight."
"What's the significance of that, I wonder?"
―Cutler Beckett and Ian Mercer

Small pewter brandy goblet (Ammand the Corsair) Received from outcast sisters from a Spanish convent. They were outcast for a reason. That reason was Ammand.
Wooden eyeball (Boris Palachnik/Hector Barbossa)
Queen of Spades playing card (Chevalle) Chevalle is a compulsive gambler. His preferred hands in cards always use this card.
Pair of spectacles (Ching's husband/Mistress Ching) Ching used these before she went blind.
Jade Captain's knot (Sao Feng's father/Liang Dao/Sao Feng/Elizabeth Swann) Made from silk from the famous Silk Road and a traditional jade gemstone.
Pair of tobacco cutters (Grandmama/King Samuel/Gentleman Jocard) This is from the plantation where Jocard was enslaved. He used them to cut out his former master's tongue.
Siamese coin woven into Moroccan beads (Don Rafael/Esmeralda/Jack Sparrow) Jack got the Moroccan beads from a French lady of questionable reputation. The coin is an ancient coin from Siam, one of the first two bits he ever pirated. He bought his hat with the second bit.
Calf-horn Snuff box (Sri Sumbhajee Angria) A souvenir from his temple in India.
Broken bottle-neck with a cork on a string (Eduardo Villanueva) This aided Eduardo in winning a famous bar fight.


------


Behind the scenes

The original pieces of eight, also known as Spanish dollars, were first made after a Spanish currency reform in 1497. Each piece of eight was made of silver, and had worth of eight reales.
During the Third Brethren Court, a pirate thief named Tartaglia attempted to use the Timekeeper as a false Piece of Eight to fool the assembled Pirate Lords into thinking he was one of them. His plan failed and the third Brethren Court ended in violence.
In the first screenplay draft of At World's End, Capitaine Chevalle's piece of eight was Magellan's ring, which he lost to Cutler Beckett in the game of cards in the South China Sea some years prior to the Fourth Brethren Court.